feat(curriculum): dice game project (#50819)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-algorithmic-thinking-by-building-a-dice-game/64ba0eddf919ff01f4735370.md

---
id: 64ba0eddf919ff01f4735370
title: Step 65
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-65
---

# --description--

> To find the highest count of duplicates that is at least 3 or 4, you need to create a `for` loop to iterate through each element of the `arr` array. Within the loop, create a variable named `numb` to represent the current element of the `arr` array. Inside, create a variable named `count` and assign to it `counts[numb]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the highest count of duplicates that is at least 3 or 4, you need to create a `for` loop to iterate through each element of the `arr` array. In the loop condition, create a variable named `numb` to represent the current element of the `arr` array. Inside the loop body, create a variable named `count` and assign to it `counts[numb]`
```

Author: done

# --hints--

You should Create a `for` loop to iterate through the `arr` array. Within the loop, create a variable named `numb` to represent the current element of the `arr` array.

```js
assert.match(code, /for\s*\(\s*(const|let|var)\s+numb\s+of\s+arr\s*\)\s*\{\s*[\s\S]*?\}/);
```

You should create a variable named `count` and assign to it `counts[numb]`

```js

> assert.match(code, /for\s*\(\s*(const|let|var)\s+numb\s+of\s+arr\s*\)\s*{\s*(const|let|var)\s+count\s*=\s*counts\[numb\]\s*}/);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /for\s*\(\s*(const|let|var)\s+numb\s+of\s+arr\s*\)\s*{\s*(const|let|var)\s+count\s*=\s*counts\[numb\]\s*;?\s*}/);
```
Allowing semicolon at the end of line.

Author: done
